figure out effects (effect dicts)
figure out how to write functions (attacks etc) for all birds
maybe also adding the non bird allies

figure out the ratios (damage to other damage, red's attack to chili)
enemies' extra attacks
passives (birds and mostly enemies)
charging turns (3 turns to do x)
the default hp for anything?

25.11.24

effects figured out but still in progress
Effects class has methods which represent different events in the game
subclass this class, take turns and name arguments in the constructor
and attribute them to self

then override one of the methods for your functionality

the code is going great, some thing i want to do:
probably merge on_attack and on_hit since they are very similar
better access to self of Battlefield for other classes (Ally and Enemy)
write chuck's Mage & figure out multi attack

mainly think about the organisation here
because if every ability has to check for events thats quite annoying

also figure out when and who prints messages? the attack? Battlefield? what if i override it with an effect?

chuck's chili ability, like how -_-

!!!! SEPERATE POSITIVE AND NEGATIVE EFFECTS !!!!

maybe do something about units in that topic too?
seperate? they are already seperated and i added an is_ally attribute
do i need to add more?

we make upgrades for classes?

cleanse & dispell

figure out allies with no classe (piggy mccool, prince porky and thing?)

make more effects because they are fun :damage

death checks where?

mostly, expand on the enemies, one singular attack aint finna gonna do it
maybe change how chili acts, right now, it is fine, it requires
20 hits on allies and or enemies to charge, in ab epic, its based on damage though

#############
3.12.

implement AD, the basic sword damage stat, from attack wear and defense wear things
finish chilis

8.12.

reimplement everything with pypi rich
completely more interfaces
fix classes (fill the TABLE)
create jsons to store AD etc.
test `battle.battle_interface()`
put this on github

--------
--------
--------
--------
27.12.24

Implement a wave battle system for battle.Battlefield.start_battle()

a way to send flags to an attack ("bonus attack", "only 50% damage")

a way to first get the actual target, (ex.: targets with negative effects take more damage)
but when we send View.deal_damage() the target may change, and we have to way
to access that information

a better way to implement "Stuns", "Freezes" 
in the original game, the bird cant play its turn
so, id want to implement it that way, though not possible
right now, and quite irrelevant